# Mean-Reversion

One of my better algos, Mean-Reversion uses less technical analysis and focuses more on statistics. This strategy uses a simple moving average of 30 periods (can be tinkered with, im sure better lengths exist) which I use to find the standard deviation of. Once found, I create upper and lower bands which are 2 times the standard deviation (basically Boilinger Bands). The signal criteria for this strategy  is if the current price is outside of either of the bands, and the RSI (relative strength index) indicates the current price is overbought or oversold. I use a standard RSI of less than 30 for oversold, and RSI greater than 70 for overbought. 

While the backtest shows a significant Profit Factor of 4.13 and a win rate of 57.5%, this algo only took 40 trades over the past 4 years. The small amount of trades is likely due to using a 4hr time-frame and relatively strict criteria, however I believe I can find an equally successful strategy that yeilds far more trades. Just for fun, I decided to try using a simulted leverage of 1/5, which over the 4 year period, returned 254% with a -14.2% max drawdown. Addiontally, it is important to note that this is a very static strategy and only has this success when used on $QQQ, with trailing stoploss set at a value that I found to be the most rewarding - so returns like this are extremely unrealistic. 

I believe this is a good start for a mean-reversion algo, but has a very long ways to go before it can be used in real-time trading. If anyone has some ideas or questions about how to improve this, I would love to hear them. 
